[Turnstile] Documentation edits (#10781)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/turnstile/reference/terraform.md

Create an [API Token](/fundamentals/api/get-started/create-token/) with the **Account > Turnstile > Edit** permission. Next, you need to export this secret in our environment variables:

```sh
---
header: Export your token
---
$ export CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN=<API_TOKEN>
```

### Create a Turnstile widget

> See the example configuration below when creating a Turnstile widget.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the example configuration below when creating a Turnstile widget.
```

> You have successfuly created a Turnstile widget. Go to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/turnstile) to view its configuration and analytics in a user-friendly interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have successfully created a Turnstile widget. Go to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/turnstile) to view its configuration and analytics in a user-friendly interface.
```
